My client's name is Ashley Farias.
Ashley specified that she wants a responsive design for her website. It's important that her site is viewable on multiple devices. She wants to emphasize the variety of services she offers. Her services include 1 on 1 coaching, consultations, 4 week training programs, 8 week training programs, and/or renewable monthly training programs. Her clients can be any age. She has trained a variety of ages ranging from 18 years olds and 50 year olds. Other than weightloss or weight-gain programs, she wants to show that she can provide nutritional and dietary advice for her clients, as well as moral support and motivation. 
Ashley is well known for creating strong connections and friendships with her clients. She strives to improve her clients lives through the power of good health and phyiscal strength. We can work on creating a form for potential clients to fill out or we can just provide a link to her email for clients to contact her. It's possible to create a form, then leave an email link in her contact info for professional advice from aspiring trainers. 
She is a lenny and larry's ambassador, thus she is open to business partnerships and sponsorships, so we may include a link that allows the viewer to email her seperately for business inquiries. Although she would prefer to keep the site simple and easy to navigate, she enjoys the idea of including motion graphics on her site. She specified that she would like to see her logo in motion for the home/intro page. A photo of herself would be useful as well. 
The entire website should follow the theme of her logo she has on her business cards. These include black and green tones, so we may have to make some minor adjustments and tweaks considering that white text on black backgrounds can be hard on the viewers eyes. It's also not as inviting and welcoming, thus is could scare or intimidate potential clients. She might need the social media logos to be specifically designed for her website considering she wants to keep a specific color scheme. she specifically pointed out that she would like a small "about me" blurb on her front page, but she insists there needs to be a page dedicated to introducing herself. Ashley has hopes to one day start her own apparel line and fitness center. Perhaps we can include a coming soon page. This could help convince her clients to subscribe to her website or social media to see what ashley is up to.

